Can you put in there that withdrawing consent doesn't withdraw it from room XI. Because at the end of the day this will be my tool to get consent and registration and track attendance and data for room 11 programs. I just know from years as a youth worker that this is something that's needed in the whole sector. So if parents revoke consent then youth will only have consent for the room XI app and the room XI programs. When parents get the consent email I want it to clarify this. That this is consent for room 11 that's give access to the app and all of our programming. And also helps give consent and registration to other programs rather than filling more forms. But if they remove consent then that's consent for those programs not room 11. They can choose which programs to give what consent to. Whether photo consent or program consent or whatever. And whatever consents programs need they can send it to the portal directly and the parents can accept. And if the parent decides to take away all consent, then we fallback to the reasonableness test and mature minor confidentiality protocols. If a parent removes consent. The next time the youth logs on it'll ask them a couple clarity questions based on what it knows about the youth from engagement and have the youth answer questions that ask the right questions and saves to us, that way we have documentation showing the youth fit the criteria in case they ask us in the future. At the end of the day this is a high value app because youth are always looking for something to do. And a high value app for parents who want their kids doing something. Or might be with their kid and have an appointment and rather than the kid hanging out in the car or at the doctors office. The parents can see programs around and drop their kid off for an hour at a program and go run their errands. And don't have to worry about dropping their kid off but having to sign a bunch of papers and go through an orientation. They can drop the kid off. The youth will check in and will be registered quick and they can keep moving. Knowing that room XI has universal consent. 