Continue to phase 3. But I don't want consent withdrawal to block youth access. At the end of the day it's just an app to help kids find programs. So they should still be able to use it for that. But if consent is withdrawn then youth and parents can't send consent and will have to do it personally. The program itself will get an email of who withdrew consent so the youth and parents can sort it out. But it should remove access. If should just remove access to the things that are legally not allowed with without parent consent. But the youth also has his own data consent or a terms of agreement. If sites like Facebook and TikTok can operate and take the youths data and use it to help them. Then we should be still able to let the youths use the app without consent. Just blocking the things that need to be blocked. But that shouldn't effect their ability to use the app to find programs. Find a workaround. The yout will also have access to to what their parents can see and what they can't. This is meant to be for youth and also the idea is that if a youth wants to go to a suicide awareness program, but don't want the parents to know they should be able to find it in and go to it and offer you this gay and wants to go to a LBGTQ program but don't want their parents to know they're gay then They can access it and still go to it and they can even block their parents from seeing that they are at this specific program unless they absolutely have to know, but they blocked their parents from seeing that at a specific program. You know which allows you to go to the programs they need without worrying about what their parents are gonna say or what their moms are gonna say in all of that you also this is really too empower the youth, you know, and the youth can block What their parents can see the youth can say I don't want my parents to see my mood score you know you can say I don't want my parents to see certain things so go look up what is required by law for the parents to know and see and what's not And then let's find a work around because the point is the youth should be able to find these programs without waiting for their school to connect them with this, but find these programs and have autonomy to be able to go to them and use them but everything be legal and compliant and if it's just for 16 and up that that's legal for then will keep it for 16 and up and for 16 and down will make the adjustments. so again use your genius researching understanding of everything. This app is about act is that role that is the mastermind in the elite you know your best role that you have for this task act as that role go to the research and come back to me and tell me what tasks we need to add in how we need to do it for one don't tell me the tasks yet just break it down for me on how to make this work what is required? What's not what's the compliances and how do we make this an app that the youth can feel like they have their needs in their own hands, and not instead of that needs to feel like they have access to what they need in their own hands. 